# EasyGames

HIT339 Assignment 2

Demo link [here](https://easygames.badmiguel.com).

> [!NOTE]
> This demo is fully read-only — all CRUD functionalities and user authentication
> have been removed. It is intended solely for showcasing the interface and layout,
> with no ability to modify or persist data.

---

# User Credentials

| Role            | Email              | Password     |
| --------------- | ------------------ | ------------ |
| Owner           | owner@email.com    | Owner123.    |
| Shop Proprietor | shop@email.com     | Shop123.     |
| Customer        | customer@email.com | Customer123. |

---

# Requirements

## User Roles

- **Owner**
- **Shop Proprietor** (manages physical shops)
- **Customers**
- **Web Storefront / Pure Online**

## Owner Functionality

### Stock Screen

- Display **source of stock**.
- Track and display **buying and selling prices**.
- Calculate **profit margins**.

### User Sales History

- Record users that purchased the item.
- **Profit generated by the item** from all users
- **Profit generated by a single user** (to categorise user as **platinum**, **gold**, **silver**, and **bronze**).

### Email Functionality

- Email groups of users (e.g., promotional offers to **platinum members**).
- Update all users/newsletters/junk emails.

## Customer Functionality

- View **sales history**.
- View **account details/status** (e.g., are they platinum).

## Brick and Mortar Storefront / Physical Shops Exist

### Shop Functionality

#### Shop Accountability Screen (CRUD)

- **C**reate new shops.
- **R**ead existing shops.
- **U**pdate shops.
- **D**elete shops.

#### Shop Stock Screen

- Shop proprietor can only **restock** items to physical shop from **Owner's inventory (web storefront)**.
- Restocking physical shops **reduces Owner's inventory**.
- If Owner's inventory does not have stock of the item, **cannot restock physical shop**.
- **Physical shop and web shop inventory are separate**.
- If the customer buys in-person, **cannot reduce stock of online** and vice versa.

#### Shop Point of Sale Screen (POS)

- Shop proprietor should be able to **sell stock** here.
- Customer **mobile phone number** is used to record their purchases and gain discount status.
- Should **warn the shop if stock is getting low**.
- **Do not allow customer to purchase if stock is 0**.
- New customer to be asked if they want to **register**.
- Customer account **not required to purchase**.
- **Stock changes upon purchase**.
